Udate AAS Linux logging env vars (#31881)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/azure_app_service/linux_container.md

- `DD_ENV`: How you want to tag your env. For example, `prod`
- `DD_SERVERLESS_LOG_PATH`: Where you write your logs. For example, `/home/LogFiles/*.log` or `/home/LogFiles/myapp/*.log`
- `DD_AAS_INSTANCE_LOGGING_ENABLED`: When `true`, log collection is automatically configured for an additional file path: `/home/LogFiles/*$COMPUTERNAME*.log`

> - `DD_AAS_INSTANCE_LOG_FILE_DESCRIPTOR`: An optional file descriptor used for more precise file tailing. Reccommended for scenarios with high log rotation. For example, setting `_default_docker` will configure the log tailer to ignore rotated files and focus only on Azure's active log file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DD_AAS_INSTANCE_LOG_FILE_DESCRIPTOR`: An optional file descriptor used for more precise file tailing. Recommended for scenarios with frequent log rotation. For example, setting `_default_docker` configures the log tailer to ignore rotated files and focus only on Azure's active log file.
```
